# Dynatrace-API-Account.Management-Postman-Collection
Postman Collection for Dynatrace Account Management API.

# How to

1. ### Create an Oauth Client in Dynatrace

   - Open the User menu and select Account settings (in latest Dynatrace, Account Management).
   - On the top navigation bar, go to Identity & access management > OAuth clients.
   - Select Create client.
   - Provide an email of the user who owns the client.
   - Provide a description for the new client.
   - Select the required permissions. These are the scopes that the client will be able to grant. Tokens generated by the client might have different scope sets.
     - Allow read access for identity resources (users and groups) **account-idm-read**
     - Allow write access for identity resources (users and groups) **account-idm-write**
     - Allow read access for environment resources **account-env-read**
     - Allow write access for environment resources **account-env-write**
     - Allow read access for usage and consumption resources **account-uac-read**
     - Allow write access for usage and consumption resources **account-uac-write**
     - Allow IAM policy configuration for environments. **iam-policies-management**; **iam:policies:read**; **iam:policies:write**; **iam:bindings:read**; **iam:bindings:write**; **iam:effective-permissions:read**.
   - Select Create client.
   - Copy the generated information to the clipboard. Store it in a password manager for future use.
  
     [Follow this Video for Reference](https://youtu.be/zrqtWOKz1CY?t=50)
  
2. ### Create an Environment in Postman

   - 
